what up kids it's cole this is erl
i've traveled all over the world looking
for the wildest experiences to entertain
you guys
you watched commented and told me what
to do next i challenge
all of you to find something that scares
me i dare you come on
we are taking you to an escape room
experience in moscow
i have a buddy named alexi he wants to
take us everywhere
i'm talking the best clubs the best
restaurant
this guy's so rich that everything he
does is the best
i've been to escape rooms man but not
one like this because they make it just
for you
you have to be invited look i get that
there are two sides of you
there's this public hole and there's
this private cold
i just don't really know the real you
remember as real as everything might
seem
you're safe not sketchy at all
they will begin streaming it directly
into your device from the cameras
let's do it this is crazy
what's going on
what happened here what the hell is this
this is your guy you was just talking
i don't know him all that well what we
were in russia with some guy that you
barely know
are you crazy we don't have our phones
our wallets our passports anything we
need to leave now
people are paying to watch they change
it every single time it's intense but
it's a game
i couldn't say nothing earlier because
he is always watching
hello cole how do you know my name
is young americans
you think you're so sick what if this is
still part of it no
we lost look at the timer
please never go mine is just
a little more selective than yours
[Music]
wait oh yo delete that last part no dude
this is live
every house has a story
a story that lives inside it it's the
booth house
like a memory and a brain
the characters of these stories are the
ghosts of the people who once inhabited
these places
forgotten by the passage of time what
are we doing here
in this house
i know what you're looking for
what's in this house what's in this
house
keep looking
[Applause]
it's right in front of you
you're freaking tired doing the same
thing
over and over
[Music]
your individual life vest is located in
a pouch
beneath your seat should its use become
necessary
bring the straps around your waist pull
on the loose straps
[Music]
until the vest fits snugly as we are now
demonstrating
thank you for your attention
we will be airborne shortly
[Music]
we are torn apart by events i like to be
submissive
do you know what that means
put back together differently by others
why japan
sometimes being alone isn't about other
people alone is about people
be careful then how do you know that i'm
not a bad man
[Music]
i don't
you're special how you know
difficult to make you happy
i think i'm destined to go nuts nobody
uses their public face in the express
sometimes the mask is prettier than the
thing behind it
i tell myself there is no happy ending
all the pieces do not fit together
perfectly
but somehow everything is beautiful
[Music]
you know you can tell me anything right
yeah i know have you ever had any
difficulty
getting to sleep
uh lately yes sarah
have you ever been diagnosed with any
sleeping disorders sleepwalking
night terrors insomnia i used to
sleepwalk as a kid but i
haven't in years what are you studying
i can't tell you that it's a nightmare
are we ready don't you ever feel like
you're seeing something that you're not
supposed to
[Music]
is this your first sleeping clinic do
you feel well rested
for some reason we always figure out a
way to simply discount those
[Music]
just dreams
if i show this to you i cannot tell
anyone
listen to me you i think your science
project is [ __ ] me up
what did you think would happen wake up
there sarah are you okay
no i'm not okay
[Applause]
get red hurry that's my tongue is not
[Music]
there
one
[Music]
body tries to reject death and dreams
you wake up
what if you're wrong
uh shoe's off what
is this your house i'm just running come
on you gotta buy
you always bring a backpack into bars or
what it's my stuff
i'm here for the weekend
andrew sammy
emma what the hell is going on wait what
hell is here
is that yes it's my wife
your sister is
my brother's wife emma i thought you
weren't supposed to come till tomorrow
well i did
come mark jansen vp regional sales i
work with andrew says you're uh
obviously amazing oh cool i've yeah i've
i heard about you too
yeah are you okay yeah no i'm um
i'm shooting for par no no i mean you
like look really really oh my god
oh my god mark mark did he just faint
sure you have to be somewhere sammy no
no
i'll stick around
[Music]
[Applause]
people came over to party so all right
then we're gonna leave
oh you're gonna go you should drive safe
[Music]
are you peeing i am yo andrew right my
dog
we'll see you out there matt it's mark
take care matt
cake blows
and bro tell me is it weird that we're
siblings but we've hooked up with
another pair of siblings
why'd you say that yeah why would you
say that
you